I've been using the galaxy s 10 plus for
three days at this point and it's a
phone I really like but this morning I
had a friend come up to me who is a
Samsung user he's running the s8 and he
asked me is this a good function I get
it now this is someone who has been
itching for the s10 for quite a while
he's skipped the s9 he's been waiting
for this particular phone to come out
and he asked me is it worth getting and
I was like yeah it's a great phone I
think you should get it and he's like
but would you buy it like obviously you
got a review unit to check out but would
you go out of your way to spend money
and upgrade a phone to this and I
thought about it and that's what this
video is about the question made me
think about this phone in terms of its
value like what features on this phone
or what particular hardware on this
phone makes it something that I want to
buy and I'll tell you right off the bat
it wouldn't be the big one the as 10
plus that I have here this is the review
unit as cool as it is as nice as it
looks this is not the model that I would
buy the double front facing cameras
isn't something that it would use very
often plus I like the look of the
circular hole punch instead of this pill
shaped one but all of the s10 models
have this super clean looking front with
thin bezels and every time I pick up a
different phone like the s9 or the
iPhone 10 those screens just look so
much more dated to me compared to this
new super clean front because like
notches and bezels just they were a
thing in the past but the s10 just
removed so much of it to the point where
it just looks it looks so different it
feels like just a completely different
kind of phone now there are so many
other hardware features on the s10 and
the s10 Plus that are really cool like
the battery sharing to be able to power
other devices wirelessly off the back of
the s10 is just like it's cool it's a
feature that I know I would never use
very frequently because I'm not someone
that has a lot of wireless devices like
I don't wear smartwatches my ear buds
don't charge wirelessly like that but
for the Samsung ecosystem it's awesome
it just makes a lot of sense and if this
was a feature that was available on
iPhones like a lot of Apple users would
just love this feature because it just
makes sense and to see this feature come
onto a galaxy device is really cool and
also puts pressure on other companies
like Apple to implement this in the
future as well the battery life on this
phone though feels kind of unremarkable
in the presentation they're talking
about how
it has up to 25% better battery life
compared to the last generation but it's
still considered just an all-day battery
and I still had to charge this thing
every night I am using it pretty
aggressively right now but it's
definitely not like a 2-day battery at
all I also want to talk about the UI
it's now switched over to Samsung's one
UI it is a lot better I will give them
credit for that but it still feels quite
Samsung II I mean there's a lot of nice
features on it that don't feel as
superfluous as older generations of
Samsung software has but you still have
apps that you can't remove and even
though you can kind of remap bixby this
time like you can switch it to either a
double or a single tap you can't
completely remove bixby functionality
but the software feels a lot cleaner
than anything else we've seen from
Samsung before now if you are someone
that needs or really wants like quick
adoption of Android updates I still feel
like Samsung lacks in that regard like
their updates come a lot slower than
other companies like the pixel devices
obviously but if you don't care too much
about immediate updates the software is
excellent this year one feature that I
found a little bit underwhelming was
actually the fingerprint sensor so it's
using an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor
it uses sound waves to detect your
fingerprint and it's a little bit slower
than I thought it would be but the
biggest issue I have with it is that I'm
still having issues when my fingers away
it still doesn't read all that
accurately or all that reliably and I
just thought that the ultrasonic system
was gonna fix that but this is an
engineering sample it may be something
that can be improved over time or maybe
mine is just not great but a little bit
underwhelming in my opinion I want to
talk about pricing because that's
probably the most important question
when it comes to whether or not I would
buy one and the s10 and the s10 plus are
devices that are very expensive but the
pricing feels I wanted to use the word
appropriate but that's not really the
right word it's just that if Samsung had
priced these any less and they did it
wouldn't have made sense for the company
considering what they have here like
they have the world's first oled punch
hole screen but the star of the show is
that as 10e
they hit that $750 price point with a
really compelling product I think
they're gonna sell a ton of those and
over the course of the year that price
is gonna drop but eventually it's gonna
drop to what maybe 650 and at that point
it's gonna be so hard to beat the s10 yi
in terms of value like a company like
oneplus which traditionally puts out
phones that are reasonably well valued
they're gonna have a tough time to beat
that kind of price to performance ratio
it's gonna be I think that's the phone
to beat the as 10e I think is gonna be
the benchmark phone when it comes to mid
to upper tier pricing and the camera on
all these phones I was only able to use
the camera on the SN plus and it's an
excellent camera but I feel like this at
this point in 2019 all the flagships
have such good cameras I feel like it'd
be unfair for me to be like this is
better than X Y or Z I feel like they're
all just so good overall Samsung this
year three phones all three of them are
just bang our products I feel like they
made such good phones this year to
answer the question would I buy one
would I upgrade to one absolutely the
one that I would probably choose
personally is the s10 II I feel like
that has like all the features that I
want in a phone that you know is
relevant to what I use then yeah as
Tenny for me but I just think they're
all easy to recommend if you can afford
them that's basically it okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it subs we loved it see you guys next
time